feature: add `--nom` flag to enable nix-output-monitor (#303)
Mic92/nixpkgs-review: README.md

nix-shell> nixpkgs-review comments
```

> For larger rebuilds, it can come in handy to see which packages still need to be build. This can be achieved with the `--nom` flag. This enables the `nix-output-monitor` (https://git.maralorn.de/nix-output-monitor/about/) which informs about remote builders, down- and uploads and displays a build graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For larger rebuilds, it can come in handy to see which packages still need to be build. This can be achieved with the `--nom` flag. This enables the [nix-output-monitor](https://git.maralorn.de/nix-output-monitor/about/) which informs about remote builders, down- and uploads and displays a build graph.
```

> To use this feature, make sure to install `nix-output-monitor` first.

Reviewer: We might want to have an option in the package like bubblewrap so it can be more easily tested in CI

nix-shell> nixpkgs-review comments
```

> `nixpkgs-review` will by default use [nix-output-monitor](https://git.maralorn.de/nix-output-monitor/about/) if found in `$PATH`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nixpkgs-review` will by default use [nix-output-monitor](https://github.com/maralorn/nix-output-monitor) if found in `$PATH`.
```
we should link to the github repo where people can create issues and PRs
